Do you know Ammit?
Egyptian deity, right?
World's first bogeyman.
ARTHUR: The justice of A mm it surveys
the whole of our lives.
That's why we have to resurrect her.
And she'll light the path
to heal the world.
You brought this upon yourself, Khonshu.
(GODS CHANTING IN COPTIC)
Now, he's tethered to this place.
It's gotta be one of the big'uns.
We won.
Steven.
- You know Steven?
- Of course I know Steven.
- If we can't calmly...
- (SCREAMS)
- STEVEN: Marc? Marc!
- Steven!
We gotta get out of here.
Hi.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
BOY: Help!
This is all your fault!
(BOTH SCREAMING)
DR. HARROW: Calm down. Marc? Marc.
I didn't shoot you.
Your mind is violently vacillating between
sense and nonsense.
Picture this, all right?
Your brain is a pendulum,
swinging between a very difficult reality,
that you are my patient
here at Putnam Medical Facility
in Chicago, Illinois,
and a reassuring fantasy
that you've created on your own.
That you're some kind of,
I don't know, superhero. All right?
You are doing everything and
everything possible not to look within.
You're not really a doctor.
DR. HARROW: Is that why you keep starting
imaginary fights in our hospital?
No, you're not a doctor.
Look. I feel real.
I feel like a real doctor.
You're not a doctor.
Well, all right.
(CHUCKLES)
I'm not a real doctor.
Okay, well, all right, all right.
It's not about me, okay?
Let's start with you.
Let's try it your way. Retrace your steps.
Tell me. Tell me.
How did you come to be here today?
How did you get here?
I took the bus,
like I always do.
You wanna know what you told me,
how you got here?
You told me that you were in a place
that was oddly reminiscent of this office,
except that it was in Egypt, right?
And that you were with a rhinoceros
- and...
- Hippopotamus.
You're right, I'm...
You're right, it was a hippopotamus,
but it talked.
Now, what do you think?
Do you think that is sense
or nonsense?
Nonsense?
I find this really encouraging.
Honestly, I do.
The struggling mind
will often build places
to seek shelter
for different aspects of the self
from our most traumatic memories.
It's called just
an organizing principle, okay?
Some people, they see a castle, right?
Somebody else will see a maze,
or a library.
Or a... psych ward?
Yeah. Or it could be.
Could be a psych ward. Yeah.
What I find extremely interesting
is this new... The new animal character.
Um...
- Hippopotamus?
- I find that really interesting.
This hippo could break down the walls
between you and Steven,
and we might finally understand.
Understand what?
Well, before you got upset,
you were talking to me about a boy.
- Do you remember that boy?
- Mmm-hmm.
You think you could tell me
about that little boy?
Hey, thank you. I feel really great.
Yeah.
I mean, they must pay you
a lot of money in this place.
- You know what?
- You're really good.
I tell you what, I feel like
a million dollars, never felt so good.
I'm gonna see myself out. Thank you.
Doctor! No, you're not...
You're gonna release that monster...
He's gonna destroy everything!
- He's gonna destroy everything!
- Be gentle with him!
Listen, I am not your enemy!
No! No!
(BOTH SCREAMING)
Hippo! Hippo!
Oh, man!
Wow, these meds are really amazing.
Is he always so intense?
Who, him? Yeah, pretty much.
HIPPO: So, are you two, like, twins?
- No.
- Well, yes, sort of.
HIPPO: Okay, great.
That's really cleared this
whole situation up for me.
That makes two of us.
Just a second ago,
I thought I'd been shot to death.
Oh, gosh!
This will really bake your noodle,
but I think you were just taking
a little time-out.
I'm afraid you're actually quite dead.
I'm sorry, what?
But...
I'm dead? We're dead?
Yes.
Yes, Marc. I think she's right.
I think we died.
HIPPO: I actually... I have...
Hold on a sec.
It's been a minute
since we've had a soul pass through here.
Bit distracted... Excuse me.
A-ha! Okay, here we go.
Welcome, gentle traveler... Travelers,
to the realm of the Duat.
Duat? The Egyptian underworld.
This is Taweret,
- goddess of women and children...
- MARC: Uh-huh.
...and she's guiding us through
our journey to the afterlife.
- Wow.
- MARC: Okay.
Right. So, this is the afterlife?
- The afterlife?
- An afterlife. Not the afterlife.
You'd be surprised how many
intersectional planes
- of untethered consciousness exist.
- Yeah.
(GASPS) Like the Ancestral Plane.
Oh! Just gorgeous. Anyway.
I do actually have cards for all this
if you just wait, and... I'm sorry.
Wait... Bye.
(GASPS SOFTLY) Okay, so...
Because the Duat's true nature
is impossible for the human mind
- to comprehend...
- Right.
...you may perceive this realm
as something
more easily recognizable to you.
- Uh-huh.
- A psych ward's a first for me,
but, hey, we can roll with it, right?
Why would we imagine this realm
to be a psychiatric hospital?
Because we're insane.
(MARC EXHALES)
We're insane.
This talking hippo,
talking dead bird,
you're outside of my body now.
And now the afterlife, right?
- That's the reality and this...
- STEVEN: But Marc, Marc.
The hospital. That's the imagination.
- Sorry, he's...
- Oh, man. Dr. Harrow's right.
Dr. Harrow?
This is an organizing principle.
- Is he a doctor now?
- MARC: I'll prove it you.
So, like, right through these doors,
for example,
we go through here,
there's gonna be patients,
and there's Crawley
probably about to yell bingo!
Oh, my God!
What is this?
This is the underworld.
I'm not crazy.
I'm dead.
- Where did you say we're going?
- We're sailing to A'aru.
To the Field of Reeds, right, Taweret?
Ah, so he's the smart one, hey?
Well, if your heart's balanced in life,
then you will spend eternity in paradise.
The Field of Reeds.
But before we get there,
I've just got to do a quick little...
- Whoa! Easy! Easy, easy, easy there!
- (TAWERET GASPS)
Oh, goody! It worked! Look at that!
Here was little old me worrying I'd blow
your chests wide open.
STEVEN: Sorry, what?
MARC: Wait, what's she doing?
STEVEN: She's weighing our hearts
on the Scales of Justice
and the Feather of Truth.
You see, the ancient Egyptians believed
that the heart
was the sign of
who you really were in life.
If the Scales balance
by the time you end the journey,
then a soul is permitted to pass
into the Field of Reeds.
- MARC: What if they don't balance?
- You get thrown overboard. Whoo!
The dead will drag you down into the Duat,
where you will remain forever,
frozen in sand.
No unbalanced souls on my boat.
Them's the rules.
Fingers crossed for you guys, hey?
I don't care what this hippo says.
There's no way we're ending up down there.
And we're not going to
the Field of Reeds, either.
- All right. What are you proposing?
- If it comes to it,
kill the hippo, steal the boat.
Kill?
- Um, fellas?
- (MACHINERY RUSTLING)
What? Why is it doing that?
Why is it moving like that?
TAWERET: I don't know.
I do not have a card for this.
Oh. It's the hearts.
They aren't full.
And trust me, I'm a goblet half-full
kind of gal, but...
It's like they each feel incomplete.
What does that mean?
Without balanced Scales,
the Duat will eventually claim your soul.
Do you have any other suggestions?
This boat contains
all of a life's memories.
Now I don't know what you two guys
have been hiding, but my advice,
get in there
and show each other the truth.
Balance your Scales before
we arrive at the Field of Reeds,
or your souls will be destroyed.
- STEVEN: Yeah, all right.
- So how are we supposed to do this?
Not sure. You think Layla's all right?
Yeah, for now.
And knowing her, she'll go on
a suicide mission to stop Harrow herself.
That means we better hurry, doesn't it?
Know what Layla would be all right with?
- Don't. Just don't say it.
- I'm just saying there is
one hippo and two of us,
and this ship can't be
that hard to steer. So...
- And we don't have to actually...
- Have to what? Kill the Goddess Taweret?
No, just, you know, find me a rope and...
Yeah. Or we can do what she says,
and help each other uncover whatever it is
that we're hiding, apparently.
Steven, I don't know about you,
but my memories are a fricking mess.
- Yeah, mine, too.
- (MAN GRUNTING)
MARC: Whoa.
That's wild.
STEVEN: Oi. What's this?
Steven, what are we gonna do here?
We're gonna
revisit every single memory I've ever had?
Do you... Do you remember this?
Yeah. I don't know,
it's just a street, you know.
How many streets
have you walked down your whole life?
BOY: Help!
Did you hear that?
MARC: Hey.
STEVEN: Just a creepy caff
filled with dead bodies.
That's all it is. No prizes guessing
whose room this is.
- Yours.
- Funny.
Dubai.
Gabon.
New York. No way.
Oh, man.
STEVEN: What, do you know these people?
No. Oh, no.
Surely not all of them?
You killed all of them?
They were criminals. Murderers. Predators.
The worst of the worst.
Khonshu wanted them punished.
It's what he meant by
protecting the travelers of the night.
STEVEN: And you remember each person?
You try taking a life.
See how quickly you forget.
Kept wishing I'd fail
and one of them would kill me instead.
- The healing ended up being a curse.
- Marc!
Do you see this? Look.
The Scales are slowing down. It's working.
Okay, all right. So then, now what?
What do we do? Do you go next?
Um... Who's that?
Marc,
why is there a child in a room filled
with people that you've killed?
- Steven, look, don't go near him.
- Hey, little man.
What's your name, there?
Oh, hold on there.
- Wait a moment.
- Steven. Wait! Wait!
Come on! No, wait! Steven! Steven!
Open the door! Open the door!
- Open the door!
- Mom?
Food's ready. Who's hungry? RoRo?
Mom, come check out my drawing.
YOUNG MARC: He drew the fish
with only one fin.
Marc, be nice to your little brother.
I had a brother?
I'm not hungry. Want to go to the cave?
We'll eat later.
Boys? Don't be gone too long.
Hey, hey, hey, Marc. What do you do?
Keep an eye on your brother. Okay?
Laters, gators.
In a while, crocodile.
(MARC PANTING)
Where'd they go?
Let's do it. Let's go.
RANDALL: Okay. Okay, okay, fine, but...
I'll be Rosser, though.
(IN BRITISH ACCENT)
Can you hear that, Dr. Grant?
(IN BRITISH ACCENT) I sure do, Rosser.
Sounds to me like danger.
- Dr. Grant?
- (THUNDER RUMBLES)
(IN NORMAL VOICE)
Mom said not to when it's raining.
It'll be fine. Don't be a baby.
RANDALL: That was awesome.
Oh.
(MARC PANTING)
Oh, God. Oh, no.
Lads?
You have to get out of here!
Boys?
Don't go any further!
The water's rising way too fast!
You got to get out of here.
Boys?
Where are they?
MARC: Steven? Come back here!
STEVEN: Boys?
Come on, lads. We have to leave now!
Can you hear me? Can you hear me?
- Where are you?
- (MARC GASPS)
STEVEN: Marc! Marc!
- Help us, please! Help us.
- Marc! Oh, God.
- YOUNG MARC: RoRo!
- Follow my voice!
- Boys!
- RANDALL: Mommy!
- Mommy! I want my mommy!
- MARC: No. No, no, no.
STEVEN: I hear you!
- RANDALL: Mommy!
- I hear you, Marc!
YOUNG MARC: RoRo!
- It's just a memory. It is just a memory.
- Help!
- RANDALL: Mommy!
- Damn it, Steven.
(DOOR HANDLE CLICKS)
(DOOR HINGES CREAKING)
Hey, Steven.
WENDY: I want my RoRo back.
I want him back.
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
What are you doing here? Hmm?
MARC: Come on, buddy.
You were supposed to keep him safe!
Steven, let's go.
WENDY: You let him drown.
This is all your fault!
- (SOBBING)
- Hey, Steven. Come here.
Come here! Stop, stop! Don't go up there!
Stop!
ELIAS: Wendy? Wendy, come on, please.
Wendy, please.
We're just about to blow out
the candles now.
She's not coming.
Your mother's not feeling well, Marc.
We'll do it just you and I this year.
Okay?
MARC: Steven!
Steven!
You can't have a birthday
without your favorite cake!
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
Get started on these, okay, son?
WENDY: You were always jealous of him.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Ever since he was born.
I...
I should've known
you would do something like this.
(CLATTERS)
Mum, what are you doing?
MARC: Steven!
(GASPS)
What happened in that room, Marc?
- That's it, Steven. That's it.
- All right! All right.
Why are you remembering her like that?
That's not what she was like.
No. Let me go. Let me back in there.
What are you hiding?
ELIAS: Marc, son. Please come inside.
She will get help.
Dad.
- We will fix this.
- You're supposed to fix this.
I mean... Why haven't you?
(GRUNTS)
I cannot lose another son.
Please.
Please...
MARC: That's enough, Steven.
Get off me!
(STEVEN SPITS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Where the hell are we now?
Oh, God.
- (SIGHS)
- Harrow said you were a mercenary.
That you killed hostages.
- And you believe that?
- Yeah. Wouldn't put it past you.
MARC: Turns out going AWOL
in a fugue state
gets you discharged from the military.
Didn't have a ton of options after that,
so I went work-for-hire
for my old CO Bushman.
The job was to raid an Egyptian tomb.
But Bushman changed the plan,
called for no witnesses,
and I couldn't live with that.
STEVEN: Is that Doctor El Faouly?
Layla's dad?
(SIGHS) I tried to get them all away.
But we didn't make it.
Clearly.
What happened to you?
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
KHONSHU: What a waste.
(KHONSHU SCOFFS)
Huh?
I feel the pain inside of you.
Ah.
Hmm.
What the hell are you?
I am the god Khonshu,
in search of a warrior.
MARC: (SCOFFS) A warrior.
Well, good luck with that.
KHONSHU: To be my hands,
my eyes, my vengeance.
To be my final word against the evildoers.
To bind your very being to me
and eradicate only the worst,
those who deserve it.
Do you want death
or do you want life?
I don't know.
Your mind, I feel it. Fractured. Broken.
Most fascinating.
You are a worthy candidate
to serve me during this time.
In exchange for your life,
do you swear to protect
the travelers of the night
and bring my vengeance to those
who would do them harm?
STEVEN: That sneaky old vulture.
He was manipulating you from the start.
MARC: Yeah, well, he kept us alive.
STEVEN: Marc,
he was taking advantage of you.
Or it was just a way for me
to keep being what I've always been.
A killer.
KHONSHU: Do you swear to protect
the travelers of the night
and bring my vengeance
to those who would do them harm?
Yes.
Look.
The Scales.
Have we done it? Have we balanced them?
KHONSHU: Then rise.
Rise and live again.
As my fist of vengeance.
As my
Moon Knight.
- (CREATURES SCREECHING)
- Are those...
Come on, Marc. Let's go!
Taweret, what's going on?
TAWERET: Fear is spreading
in the upper world.
Unbalanced souls are being judged or
condemned to the sands before their time.
Oh, this is bad. This is evil.
- Harrow.
- You see why we have to go back?
TAWERET: Even if I could
send you back up there,
you'd just be returning to a body
with a bullet in it.
You wouldn't be able to heal.
STEVEN: Can you send word to Layla?
Please. Help us free Khonshu.
Are you sure
you want to be with Khonshu again?
Seems like you really want
to get away from him.
I did, but this is our only shot.
It's the way it's gotta be.
Please, Taweret, you have to help us.
Please.
What the heck?
Osiris is not going to like this,
but his gate is the only path back.
(TAWERET GRUNTING)
Get back inside! You don't have long.
Get those Scales balanced.
(TAWERET PANTING)
STEVEN: There was that bedroom
that you didn't want me to go into.
- That's it. That's where we'll go.
- Just a second.
Just wait a second.
Just give me a second here. Okay?
Um, look, we don't have to
go back through it all again.
We can just talk. Let's just talk.
Right here, right now. I'll tell you...
I'll tell you everything. Okay?
I'm just begging you,
don't make us go there again.
It's not worth it.
Not worth it?
Marc, you're about to lose everything.
Do you understand?
If we don't get back, and Harrow succeeds,
and all those people die...
If Layla dies,
that's on your head.
It'll be all your fault.
No, no, no! You can't! I won't do it!
I won't do it! You can't make me!
You can't make me!
Marc. Marc. Marc.
Stop it. Stop it.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Did you inject me with something?
You watch too many movies,
all right? (CHUCKLES)
We can't involuntarily sedate patients.
Not these days, huh?
I mean, not unless absolutely necessary.
Oh, Marc, what you've been doing
is so difficult.
I'm so proud of you.
Reliving these kind of
traumatic memories can be so painful.
They look and feel so real,
and you have been at it for hours.
Great work.
It's really... You've been peering inward,
looking deeply into all of the moments
that make you, you.
Here. Come on. Take it.
Yeah. I'm so proud of you, Marc.
Now just stay with me
for one second, okay?
I want you to consider this.
Do you think you created Steven
to hide from all of the awful things
you feel you've done in your life,
or do you think Steven created Marc
to punish the world
for what your mother did to you?
Do you know?
Can you remember?
There's only one way to know.
You're gonna have to open up to Steven.
There can be no progress
without understanding.
Can you do that?
Can you open up to Steven?
I don't... This is my room.
I remember some things,
but I don't remember this.
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
YOUNG MARC: It's not Mom. It's not my mom.
It's not my mom.
- It's not my mom.
- (KNOCKING CONTINUES)
WENDY: Marc, open this door.
Open this door right now.
It's not my mom.
- Open this door.
- It's not my mom.
It's not my mom.
(IN BRITISH ACCENT) Bloody hell.
Look at the state of this place.
Better sort it out before Mum sees it.
WENDY: Marc, open this door right now!
(BANGING ON DOOR)
STEVEN: "When danger is near,
Steven Grant has no fear."
You made me up.
- (BANGING CONTINUES)
- WENDY: Open this door right now!
You're gonna learn
to listen.
Why do you have to make me do this?
I wanna see what she did.
WENDY: You disgusting human.
You do not need to see that.
That's the whole point of you.
(GROANS)
The point of me?
What? To be your stress ball?
All this time
I thought I was the original,
but I'm just something that you made up.
You've got to live
a happy, simple, normal life.
You understand?
But it was all a lie, wasn't it?
So what?
What does it matter?
What? You wanna remember the truth?
That you had a mother that beats you?
That hated you?
That made your life a living hell?
You're lying.
You're just trying to upset me.
But you've gotten to live
thinking that she loved you.
That she was kind. That she's still alive!
What?
What are you talking about?
She's alive. I speak to her every day.
Dad called me after all these years,
about her Shiva, and I couldn't do it.
No, this is all wrong.
This is... No, this is all wrong.
- Steven, I'm sorry.
- Oh, no, no, no.
No, no, no. No, thank you.
- No. Let me out, let me out!
- Calm down. It's all right. It's okay.
Let me out, let me out! (GRUNTS)
God. I'm so sorry. Sorry...
You gave me a real start there.
Gave you a bit of a wash, didn't I?
Steven?
Hold on a minute. What's this...
It's good to see you again.
What is this? Is this some kind of test?
I recognize this place.
What's this?
- Steven, I'm your doctor. Remember?
- (SCOFFS) You're my doctor?
- I'm here to help you.
- Dr. Harrow, yeah, is it?
- That's right.
- Oh, yeah, look at that.
Well...
You've really gone up in the world,
haven't you?
I was beginning to worry we might
never speak again.
It's so strange. The little haircut.
Little silly 'tache there.
It's very Ned Flanders.
- Steven.
- What's Taweret up to now?
It's my fault. I asked Marc
to open up to you.
Did he get a chance to speak with you?
Yeah, well, he...
He lied to me. That's what he did.
Mmm-hmm. And what do you feel
that he lied to you about?
Oh. Nosy.
No, it's just...
Steven, when you first came in here,
I was worried you were never
gonna be able to acknowledge Marc.
What do you mean we're not...
I brought us here?
After your mother passed.
Oi. Don't say that.
That's not true.
Oh, I'm so... I must...
You having a laugh as well?
I don't wanna hear it.
- Steven, I must be mistaken.
- My mother is alive.
You say that again,
I will freak out! I promise.
I must be mistaken. Okay?
Would you like to speak with her?
Why don't we call her?
You don't have her number.
Yeah, we have it on file.
- Hold on, let me just get Dylan.
- No, don't do that.
It'll take two seconds.
Don't bother her.
Hey, Dylan. Yeah.
Could you call Mrs. Grant, please?
She screens her calls. She won't answer.
- She's afraid of tele salespeople.
- She'll wanna talk to you.
I'm sure of it. She's getting the number.
Don't do that.
Okay, okay. Thank you.
- Please don't do that.
- It's ringing.
Don't bother her, please.
Uh, hello, Mrs. Grant.
Yes, this is Dr. Harrow.
Mmm-hmm.
Steven's here.
He'd like to speak with you.
Steven, would you like to speak
to your mum?
My mum...
(SOFTLY) My mum is dead.
My mum is dead.
MARC: No, no. Not gonna do it.
I'm not giving you that satisfaction.
I'm so sorry.
(SOBBING)
(GRUNTS)
(AS STEVEN) What...
Where am I?
Bloody hell, what...
Oh, bollocks.
Not again.
Heya, Mum. Hey, you all right?
Yeah, um...
(CHUCKLES) Would you believe it?
I am totally lost again.
I don't know where I am.
What an absolute muppet!
No, I know I did it again,
but I don't know.
I'm looking down a street...
Kinda looks a bit like Mayfair. I think...
Oh, they're driving
on the wrong side. Sorry.
MARC: This is it. Mom's death
and Shiva two months ago.
This was the moment our lives
started bleeding into each other.
Milwaukee... Milwaukee Avenue?
Does that sound familiar?
I couldn't...
I just couldn't...
I couldn't face that again.
All the things I'd done...
Marc,
all those horrible things
that she said to you,
she was wrong. It wasn't your fault.
I shouldn't have brought him in the cave.
Hey.
Hey. You were just a child.
It wasn't your fault.
(RUMBLING)
Hey, do you feel that?
I think we just stopped.
The Gates.
The Gates of Osiris. Come on. Hurry.
Taweret, what's happening?
TAWERET: I've never seen the gates
to the world above so close.
MARC: How do we open them?
I'm so sorry. Your Scales never balanced.
Our journey's come to an end.
I cannot stop the inevitable.
I was really rooting for you guys,
but the unbalanced souls of the Duat
now must claim yours.
Marc, they don't look very friendly.
Hide. Hide.
Gabon. New York, Dubai.
STEVEN: Watch out!
(GRUNTS)
Oh, no!
Taweret!
(SCREAMING)
No!
Oh, God.
Marc, you've got this.
But if I'm you...
It means I've got this, too.
(YELLS)
Six!
I prefer cricket.
(GRUNTING)
Ow!
No! No!
Marc! Marc, no!
Steven!
(STEVEN GROANS)
No, wait. Wait. Wait!
- Wait!
- Steven! Run!
- Wait, he's coming!
Keep... Stop the boat. Stop the boat!
STEVEN: Wait! Wait!
Oh, God.
- Steven!
- Wait...
No, no, no! Steven!
(GROANS)
Stop the boat! Stop the boat!
(METAL CLINKS)
TAWERET: (GASPS)
Your Scales are balanced.
(MELLOW SONG PLAYING IN SPANISH)
(ARABIC ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(ORCHESTRAL MUSIC PLAYING)
-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.com ] ==-